The Joe Rogan experience.
Well,
this is what's going on right now where a bunch of fighters are upset because
Logan Paul and Floyd Mayweather just fought. And Logan,
Paul made 20 million bucks and Floyd Mayweather made a hundred million bucks.
And they're looking at this like, Hey, what about me? Like,
how come I'm not making that kind of money?
And I think what they have to understand is whether you like it or not.
Even if you are an elite, the elite of the elite, a Camaro Usman or, uh,
you know, pick any style bender, some of the best fighters in the UFC,
even the elite of the elite,
the money comes from people wanting to buy your paper view. It's real simple.
Yeah, it shouldn't maybe, you know, maybe in a, in a perfect world,
it's this most skillful fighter gets the most amount of money,
but that's not how it works here. In, in, in the world of combat sports,
professional prize fighting, it's all about how many eyes are gonna watch you.
And that Logan, Paul kid has a lot of eyes on him.
He's had a YouTube channel since he was 14 years old. He's been on Disney shows.
He's this controversial, larger than life. You know, internet,
celebrity and people are willing to pay a lot of money to see if he can box with
literally one of the greatest fighters that's ever lived in Floyd Mayweather.
Hey.
Look, I'm not mad at it. I'm not mad at it either. Yeah. And you know what?
The best fighters in some of the best fighters to ever fight Lennox, Lewis,
Andre ward,
these guys that I have had the honor of representing ne you never hear out of
these elites, that they're. <laugh> I could for them,
because I think that they get on a fundamental level that as human beings, we,
unfortunately, we're hardwired to watch the train wreck.
We wanna see carnage.
Um, but we wanna see.
A freak show and we want, and we want it is a freak show. That was a freak show.
It's a circus.
It's I was looking forward to it. I really was.
I was so excited before the bell rang for the first round. It's.
Like going to the circus almost.
It's like a dude wrestle to bear. I mean.
Like Kenny wrestle a bear. If you never reminded me of it reminded me of when,
uh, Rocky fought whole Hogan in one of the Rocky movies.
Well, the thing, the difference though, is that Floyd, first of all,
you gotta give credit to Floyd Mayweather for doing that because it's so crazy
to fight a guy 35 pounds heavier than you that's so big. It looked like.
He, he looked like he was fighting a giant. Yeah. It was like, and,
and to watch him look, I, people have a lot of opinions about Floyd Mayweather,
what he does, how he spends his money. Listen,
the guy's brilliant in a lot of ways,
he's tapped into something that human beings want. Yeah. And wanna see.
But I was watching him in the fight.
The guy outweighs him by 40 pounds and he's walking to him. Yep.
Walking right to him with his, his hands up, hands up. Yeah. Crazy. I was like,
listen, he is, he is a badass. And listen, the guy, the guy, Logan, Paul, all,
he's got balls to get in there and to do that.
How could you ever be mad at that? I mean,
you could take a step back and be like, oh God, what does society come to?
And right. I mean, it's come to watching the freak show.
Yeah, <laugh> right. It's come to watching the freak show.
And maybe not just that,
because there was some professional fights on the under car,
but no one's talking about those. You know, it's just the,
the big fight was the freak show fight. And.
You wanna know what? I think that this is gonna continue until somebody,
somebody shuts these kids up and like people wanna see now day one.
I think it's the same sort of self-fulfilling prophecy.
That Mayweather sort of tapped into mm-hmm <affirmative> it's like,
I realize the more I run my mouth,
the more I make people have end emotion towards me. Yeah. Love or hate,
mostly hate. Right? Mostly they're gonna be at me.
They now they wanna tune in to see me lose.
And that's just as valuable if not more valuable than wanting to tune.
So I think that on a, on a, um,
he gets human behavior and human thinking more than he gets credit for.
Um, I don't, you know,
I'm not here to weigh in on his life or his lifestyle because I'm who am I,
I'm just another human being.
But I think that same thing is happening with these two people wanna see them
lose now and they realize how there's currency in that. Right? Yeah.
No, there's a lot of currency in that. It's super valuable.
People wanna see 'em get up. And you know,
we were at the UFC recently and Jake,
Paul was in the audience and the whole audience was chanting. Jake. Oh,
Jake Paul. And he was laughing and holding his camera up and filming it and.
And DC got in his face. Yeah. Which I love to see. That was so cool.
But it was like, then the story became Cormier,
confronts Paul and aunt look, there's part of me that is like,
you spend your life racking, your brain. How do I make it in this world?
How am I gonna support my family? What am I gonna do to make a difference?
So there's a part of it that I get where people are like, and these two kids,
what did they do? What, how did they get famous? I don't know. They people.
Off. Yeah. But they got famous first. This is what's interesting.
They got famous first. And then they, it turns out they can fight.
Especially Jake, that kid can knock people the out. He knows how to punch.
Can he knock.
Fighters out though? Well, we don't know.
I mean, we, we saw ASIN, right? But ASIN, first of all,
coming off of a hip replacement surgery, he was say, it's a brilliant move.
Right? You get a guy who's arguably the worst striker in elite MMA,
which has been a, and that's no disrespect to Ben Haskin.
He probably admit to that phenomen, wrestl wrestler, right? Wrestl,
phenomenal wrestler, like elite wrestler, great guy. Not a good striker.
You make him box. It's like the worst thing that he does. And then Jake,
Paul starches him with one punch, but he looked, you know,
you looked at his body, he looked severely outta shape,
looked like he hadn't trained for a long time.
And then kind of got it in good enough shape. So he could compete.
The guy knows how to fight and knows how to win. But that's not his sport.
It's not his sport at all. He just took good paycheck. You know, I'd.
Like to see this guy, Jake, Paul fight someone.
Who who's gonna fight Tyron Woodley.
Well, after he fight, can Tyrone wood like fight?
Can he box? I, well, I know he can punch. He punches really hard,
but he doesn't punch like a boxer.
He throws big bombs and sets up takedowns and you know,
he can crack though with one shot, he can anybody up.
But the thing is like the way he throws shots, he'll throw,
throw like a bomb and then set up a take down or set up a clinch.
He's not a guy who's like going out there with peekaboo style,
throwing jabs and hooks to the body. That's not his style.
He's never been a guy who boxed.
He's been a guy who uses boxing in MMA, but he uses everything. Does.
Jake Paul beat him? You think, oh.
We won't know until they get in there.
The thing about it is he'll be the most dangerous guy that Jake's fought for
sure. Now if Jake, Paul not even close,
not even close and no one more dangerous than Ty was.
Right. Well, if he, he beats an MMA fighter because there.
Tyron's not just an MMA fighter. Tyron is a multi,
he's a UFC world champion. And one of the best we weights of all time,
if you looked at all the UFC, we weights of all time, he's he's top three.
He's he's phenomenal, I.
Think.
But there is something fundamentally different about MMA fighters fighting a
boxer.
Yeah. Because it's, there's other stuff that you incorporate into your movement,
right? You're worried about leg kicks. You worried about take down defense.
You're worried about all these different things.
So you have all these different variables on your plate.
Now you remove all those VA variables.
You give tire in a pair of shoes and you just let him punch. I, you know,
he punches really hard. And when he doesn't have to worry about wrestling,
doesn't have to worry about getting his tired and he can and pick his shots.
He'll be the most dangerous guy that Jake Paul's ever fought for sure. But, um,
it doesn't necessarily mean that he wins. And I think Jake, Paul can box.
If you look at that, Nate Robinson fight.
I know Nate Robinson didn't know what he was doing, but the way he landed,
those punches, he move, he cracked him and knocked him out, moving backwards.
He can, he can move backwards and then plant. So he is not,
he doesn't have like big wind up movements.
Like his brother has more wind up shots.
His brother was throwing more windmill type arm punches.
Jake throws things straight and hard. They're dangerous, much more dangerous.
Here's.
Why I, I,
here's why I have more respect for the older brother for what he just did.
Yes. He outweighed by 40 pounds.
But he got in there with perhaps the best fighter to ever get in a ring.
I'd love to see how Jake Paul fares against someone similar in size.
That is a boxer. Yeah.
Well, you know what, man, he's only got a couple of fights.
Here's how you have to look at him.
Look at him like any other guy who only has a couple of fights.
If you saw a guy who was coming up and he didn't have an amateur career and he's
only had a couple fights, he'd go, man. It's got some promise. Yeah, no.
But these guys aren't in it for the they're.
Are they in it for the long haul to become boxers?
They're because he is they're in it to become spectacles.
But imagine if this guy gets all the way up to a world, title, fight. Imagine,
imagine if he actually works his way through some professional boxers,
that would be remarkable. Wouldn't it? It wouldn't just be remarkable.
The money he'll be able to earn. Well, how about.
Fighting a recently retire? You know who am mom right now.
Who'd him. I right now. And are you saying Andre? And.
Even because he can't fight,
Andre can't fight professionally anymore because he's had some physical
problems, but Andre's still in shape. He's recently retired.
Maybe he'll.
Get mad. Are you trying to set something up? <laugh> look at you looking away.
You like the worst poker player ever. He's like, well maybe. Well.
I just know, I know, I know. Look that's my brother. I mean,
I know that he's like.
Has he thought about it?
He's he's thought about it. He's thought about it.
He he's thought about it and be like, we've talked about it.
Recently. Catch new episodes that Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify,
watch back catalog Jr. E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seem switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just to search for the Jerry on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.